1.  public: can be accessed from any other code
    private: can be accessed within the body of the class
    protected: can be accessed within the body of the class as well as derived class
    internal: can be accessed within the same assembly
    protected internal: can be accessed within the same assembly or derived class
    private protected: can be accessed within the same assembly by derived class
    
2.  static belongs to type rather than instance, const must be initialized at declaration
    and cannot be changed, and readonly can only be assigned value during declaration or in
    class constructor of the class in which it is declared.
    
3.  A constructor initalizes a new instance of a class. It has the same name with the class
    and does not return anything
    
4.  Partial allows dividing definition of class into multiple files, making it easier to 
    manage.
    
5.  A tuple is a data structure to store related elements (they can be of same or different
    type).
    
6.  The 'record' keyword is used to define a reference type that provides built-in functionality
    for value-based equality.
    
7.  Overloading means having multiple functions with same name but different arguments. Overriding
    means having another function with the same name and argument in a derived child class that 
    is executed instead of the original function
    
8.  Fields are variables that are declared directly. Properties are members that provide flexible
    mechanism to access the fields.

9.  By specifying a default value.

10. An interface defines the name of functions that a class can do, without defining how it does it.
    An abstract class is usually used to represent herriartical relationship between classes, but
    an interface is usually used to represent the functions a class does. A class can inherit from
    multiple interfaces, but just one abstract class.
    
11. Public

12. True

13. True

14. True

15. False

16. True

17. True

18. True

19. False

20. True - possible with abstract classes

21. True

22. False

23. True
